****************************************************************************************************************************************

[Meeting 1, 30/3/2022, 1200-1400] - Recorded by Amy

Attendees:
    Luis
    Reuel
    Westley
    Amy

Agenda:
    Discuss failing tests in iteration 2 and any fixes
    Discuss iteration 3 specification

Discussion Points:
    Review failed course tests for iteration 2 and possibly request a rerun by the end of the week
    
    Allocated iteration 3 functions to each member:
        Reuel
        message/share/v1
        message/react/v1 message/unreact/v1
        message/pin/v1 message/unpin/v1

        Luis
        standup/start/v1
        standup/active/v1
        standup/send/v1

        Amy
        search/v1
        auth/passwordreset/request/v1 auth/passwordreset/reset/v1
        message/sendlater/v1 message/sendlaterdm/v1

        Westley
        notifications/get/v1
        user/profile/uploadphoto/v1
        user/stats/v1 users/stats/v1

    Scheduled and planned a brief timeline for Iteration 3
        Wk 8 - Functions completed by Sunday
        Wk 9 - Do report
             - Have fixes for implementation completed by Friday

****************************************************************************************************************************************
[Meeting 2, 6/4/2022, 1200-1400] - Recorded by Amy

Attendees:
    Luis
    Reuel
    Westley
    Amy

Agenda:
    Discuss issues regarding user_stats and workplace_stats
    Discuss and possibly reallocate functions between members

Discussion Points:
    Review what each member has done so far (ie. which functions or tests are finished)
    
    Reallocated some iteration 3 functions
        Reuel (SAME)
        message/share/v1
        message/react/v1 message/unreact/v1
        message/pin/v1 message/unpin/v1

        Luis
        standup/start/v1
        standup/active/v1
        standup/send/v1
        message/sendlater/v1 message/sendlaterdm/v1 (NEW)

        Amy 
        search/v1
        auth/passwordreset/request/v1 auth/passwordreset/reset/v1

        Westley
        notifications/get/v1
        user/profile/uploadphoto/v1

        (DEFERRED FOR NOW)
        user/stats/v1 users/stats/v1

    New Schedule for week 8:
        - Week 8 - Friday - have majority of functions done (excluding user/stats/v1, users/stats/v1)
                          - figure how to implement user/stats/v1, users/stats/v1
    Next meeting planned for Wk 9

****************************************************************************************************************************************
[Meeting 3, 13/4/2022, 1200-1400] - Recorded by Reuel

Attendees:
    Luis
    Reuel
    Westley
    Amy

Agenda:
    Plan for the completion of iteration 3 requirements
    Discuss final implementation details before deployement

Discussion Points:
    Review what completed functions can be improved and how much of the requirements is left to complete.
    Analysis & specification and validation to be completed by any member before the end of the week. 
    Functions will be looked at after the requirements is mostly done.

    Schedule for week 9:
        - Week 9 - Friday - complete Analysis & specification and validation
                          - Polish functions in preparation for final push

    Next meeting planned for Wk 8 Friday
**********************************************************************************************************************************
